What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?

When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name,
email address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.

When do we collect information?

We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter,
Use Live Chat or enter information on our site.

How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase,
 sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other
 site features in the following ways:

      • To quickly process your transactions.
      • To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)

How do we protect your information?

Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to o
ur site as safe as possible.We use regular Malware Scanning.

Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who
 have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive
 +credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.

We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.

Do we use 'cookies'?

Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web
browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember
certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also
used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved
services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

We use cookies to:

      • Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
      • Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
      • Keep track of advertisements.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn
the correct way to modify your cookies.

If you turn cookies off, It won't affect the user's experience .


Third-party disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.

Third-party links

We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.

How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies,
or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.

Delivery and shipping Policy

Delivery Means The Digital Download Or The Physical Delivery Of Subscribed Content To The Customers. At Present
We have one Modes of Delivery - Online Digital Download.

Online digital delivery of content is through internet, i.e., downloading the PDF File/Book from www.magicofprayer.com
website Refund and cancellation Policy

We are not offering any item/product. Therefore, once the PDF/Book or the Service is activated, refund and cancellation
is not appropriate. If you have any issue reading the PDF/Book or about our service, please get in touch with us, we will s
urely help, guide, and assist you to use the PDF/Book and our service in an effective way.
